# Obsidian Testing Vault Plugin

This plugin is used for making random testing vaults, particularly during
plugin development. None of its functions are bound to hotkeys or menu
entries, and this is by conscious choice. The functions provided herein
are dangerous, and can go so far as to destroy your existing vault.

The random notes command all produce [Lorem Ipsum](https://www.lipsum.com/) text.
This provides you the ability to know you do not care about the contents.
You can still use this to test out your plugin in numerous ways, such as
if you are building an alternate rendering system, or statistics, or any
such thing where having data in the notes (even if that data is
non-sensical) is useful.

Three commands are provided, accessible via the Mod-P command palette.

# Make a single randomized note in your vault

This command simply makes a single random note. Since it does not scan your
existing vault, it will not provide links to other notes, nor will they link
to it. However, you can use this command to examine the output and see if
you are comfortable using the sort of output that will be generated by this
plugin.

# Make a group of randomized notes in your vault

This command will show you a dialog box to allow you to tweak the settings
before generating a group of interconnected notes. This can take a second,
so it is limited to producing 10,000 notes at a time.

# Destroy everything in this vault

Does exactly what it says: Everything in the vault will be deleted. Does
*not* ask for confirmation. Don't run this in any vault you care about, as you
will lose *everything*.
